Paper style and grammar edits (#27)
JulianKarlBauer/mechkit: paper/paper.md

  - name: Julian Karl Bauer^[corresponding author]
    orcid: 0000-0002-4931-5869
    affiliation: "1" # (Multiple affiliations must be quoted)

>   - name: Philipp Lothar Kinon^[co-first author] # note this makes a footnote saying 'co-first author', feel free to hand over this item to another auther

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: Philipp Lothar Kinon^[co-first author] # note this makes a footnote saying 'co-first author', feel free to hand over this item to another author
```

The Python package `mechkit` is a toolkit for researchers
in the field of continuum mechanics and material modeling.
`Mechkit` contains methods and operators
that simplify common tasks - especially in the area of tensor algebra and tensor notation.

> In the context of engineering applications accounting for three spatial dimensions, deformations and stresses in solids are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of engineering applications within three spatial dimensions, deformations and stresses in solids are
```

> usually described by second order tensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usually described by second-order tensors.
```

As linear mappings between observed deformations and possibly causal stresses,

> fourth order tensors have a special task in the field of linear elasticity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fourth-order tensors have a special task in the field of linear elasticity.
```

> To this end, the methods in `mechkit` are primarily focussed on second and fourth order tensors. Main motivations can thus be found in the research in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To this end, the methods in `mechkit` are primarily focussed on second- and fourth-order tensors. Main motivations can thus be found in the research in
```

linear elasticity
[@Bertram2015], [@Mandel1965], [@Fedorov1968], [@Mehrabadi1990], [@Thomson1856],
[@Cowin1992], [@Rychlewski2000], [@Spencer1970], [@Boehlke2001], [@Brannon2018]
and the description of microstructures of fiber reinforced
composite materials
[@Bauer2021], [@Kanatani1984], [@Advani1987].

> The implementations in `mechkit` aim at usability and seek to provide understandable source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementations in `mechkit` aim at usability, seek to provide understandable source code
```

Reviewer: I like to stick to one "and" in each sentence

The methods and operators occurring in the field of linear elasticity and material modeling are
comparatively simple and compact.
Due to this simplicity, they are usually implemented independently by each scientist
during the studies and
do not find their way into more general libraries which are common in other research fields such as physics or computer science.
Apart from didactic advantages, this procedure causes problems for
the exchange of research code and
the reliability of the implementations.

The main goal of the project `mechkit` is the reuse of research code,
to increase the reliability of the research results and
accelerate and simplify further research.

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> `Mechkit` is inspired by [@fiberoripy] and the projects of the author of [@meshio].
> =======
> Mechkit is inspired by [@fiberoripy] and the projects of the author of [@meshio]
> >>>>>>> 8cbb37baff279207d0de895657e95324a94c149a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Mechkit` is inspired by [@fiberoripy] and the projects of the author of [@meshio].
```

Reviewer: I think some merge artefacts found there way in here...

In the overlapping area of theoretical continuum mechanics, experimental
material modeling
and the numerical solution methods for boundary value problems
a multitude of different notations exist.
As an example, consider the description of the mechanical properties of a

> homogeneous and isotropic, i.e. direction-independent, material within the framework of linear elasticity.

Reviewer: perfect

Such a material can be described identically by two scalar material parameters.
However, in the disciplines mentioned above, at least six different material parameters are commonly used
and motivated by different applications and measurement methods.
This results in fifteen possible combinations of scalar descriptions of an

> isotropic material, which can be combined to a fourth order elasticity tensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
isotropic material, which can be combined to a fourth-order elasticity tensor.
```

For this tensor, again, different notations exist. They either follow the
Voigt or Kelvin-Mandel notation or take account of the interfaces between open and commercial finite element codes.

> `Mechkit` allows an easy exchange between the abovementioned notations with user-friendly

Reviewer: Nice, the word "abovementioned" is new to me :D

interfaces and thus helps to avoid errors.
Since the necessary number of translation functions between different notations
increases drastically with increasing number of notations,
translation between all notations might not be practical.

> For the case of notations of second and fourth order tensors,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the case of notations of second- and fourth-order tensors,
```

the shortest path between source and target notation is determined by
the graph of supported notations, see \autoref{fig:stiffness_graph}.

> ![Currently supported notations of fourth order stiffness tensors.\label{fig:stiffness_graph}](stiffness_graph.png){ width=60% }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Currently supported notations of fourth-order stiffness tensors.\label{fig:stiffness_graph}](stiffness_graph.png){ width=60% }
```
